docs/pages/selectcode_trip.mdx, before:

import {Card, Cards, Steps} from "nextra/components";
import {CardsIcon} from "../components/icons";

# Join Our SelectCode Challenge and Our Unforgettable Team Trip! 🌟

Are you a passionate developer with a thirst for challenges and a hunger for adventure? Do you dream of working with
a dynamic and talented team in an exciting startup environment? Look no further! We invite you to participate in our
exclusive SelectCode Challenge, where you'll have the opportunity to showcase your skills and join us on an
unforgettable team trip! 🎉

## The Challenge 🧩

We are searching for full-stack developers who are eager to prove their talent and creativity. To qualify as a
full-stack developer and be considered for our team, you must successfully complete these three challenges by the
deadline of **August 24** 📅:

<Cards>
    <Card icon={<CardsIcon/>} title="Backend Challenge" href="/challenges/micro/backend"/>
    <Card icon={<CardsIcon/>} title="React Challenge" href="/challenges/micro/frontend/react"/>
    <Card icon={<CardsIcon/>} title="CSS Challenge" href="/challenges/micro/frontend/css"/>
</Cards>

## How to participate? 🎯

<Steps>

    ### Complete The Challenges 🧩

    Access the challenge instructions and solve the three fullstack tasks before August 24.
    Don't forget to submit your solutions via our online form. 📋

    ### Awaiting the Invitation to the Interview 📬

    After the challenge submission deadline, our team will carefully review all the submissions and identify the top
    candidates. If your skills and solutions stand out, you'll receive an invitation for a short interview. The
    selection
    process will take place on August 25. 📋

    ### Interviews 🎙️

    Congratulations! You've made it to the next stage. During the interviews scheduled between August 28 and August
    31, we'll get to know you better and discuss your technical expertise, problem-solving abilities, and your fit with
    our team culture. 💼

    ### Join Our Team and Embark on an Adventure 🏄‍♂️

    On August 31, we'll announce the chosen applicants who will have the incredible opportunity to join our team. Along
    with the job offer, you'll receive a special invitation to our SelectCode team trip taking place from September 4 to
    September 6. 💌

    ### The Team Trip Experience 🎉

    Our annual team trip is much more than just work. It's a chance for our team to bond, grow, and have fun together.
    The trip includes interactive workshops, skill-building activities, and thrilling adventures in a stunning location
    in Austria. You'll have the chance to meet and connect with our current team members, making it an invaluable
    experience for both personal and professional growth. 🌈

    You want to see what you can expect from that trip:
    Get some insights in our [highlight Reel](https://www.instagram.com/reel/Ci2PlV-jqhC)!

</Steps>

## Some additional notes 🚀

Even if you can't solve all the challenges completely, feel free to hand them in - we also evaluate good first approaches.

If you have any questions or need assistance, feel free to start a new discussion
[here](https://github.com/SelectCode/apply/discussions). Also check out our [FAQ](/faq) for more information, we
will keep them updated with all the questions we get. 📧

Join us for an enriching experience that goes beyond just coding. We can't wait to meet you and see your skills in action! 🤩

Good luck, and have fun! 🤞

Commit message:

Add some additional comments for SelectCode trip challenge

docs/pages/selectcode_trip.mdx, after:

import {Card, Cards, Steps} from "nextra/components";
import {CardsIcon} from "../components/icons";

# Join Our SelectCode Challenge and Our Unforgettable Team Trip! 🌟

Are you a passionate developer with a thirst for challenges and a hunger for adventure? Do you dream of working with
a dynamic and talented team in an exciting startup environment? Look no further! We invite you to participate in our
exclusive SelectCode Challenge, where you'll have the opportunity to showcase your skills and join us on an
unforgettable team trip! 🎉

## The Challenge 🧩

We are searching for full-stack developers who are eager to prove their talent and creativity. To qualify as a
full-stack developer and be considered for our team, you must successfully complete these three challenges by the
deadline of **August 24** 📅:

<Cards>
    <Card icon={<CardsIcon/>} title="Backend Challenge" href="/challenges/micro/backend"/>
    <Card icon={<CardsIcon/>} title="React Challenge" href="/challenges/micro/frontend/react"/>
    <Card icon={<CardsIcon/>} title="CSS Challenge" href="/challenges/micro/frontend/css"/>
</Cards>

Note that you can choose any of the three available backend challenges (NestJS, Micronaut or FastAPI), while NestJS
is preferred by us.

## How to participate? 🎯

<Steps>

    ### Complete The Challenges 🧩

    Access the challenge instructions and solve the three fullstack tasks before August 24.
    Don't forget to submit your solutions via our online form. 📋

    ### Awaiting the Invitation to the Interview 📬

    After the challenge submission deadline, our team will carefully review all the submissions and identify the top
    candidates. If your skills and solutions stand out, you'll receive an invitation for a short interview. The
    selection
    process will take place on August 25. 📋

    ### Interviews 🎙️

    Congratulations! You've made it to the next stage. During the interviews scheduled between August 28 and August
    31, we'll get to know you better and discuss your technical expertise, problem-solving abilities, and your fit with
    our team culture. 💼

    ### Join Our Team and Embark on an Adventure 🏄‍♂️

    On August 31, we'll announce the chosen applicants who will have the incredible opportunity to join our team. Along
    with the job offer, you'll receive a special invitation to our SelectCode team trip taking place from September 4 to
    September 6. 💌

    ### The Team Trip Experience 🎉

    Our annual team trip is much more than just work. It's a chance for our team to bond, grow, and have fun together.
    The trip includes interactive workshops, skill-building activities, and thrilling adventures in a stunning location
    in Austria. You'll have the chance to meet and connect with our current team members, making it an invaluable
    experience for both personal and professional growth. 🌈

    You want to see what you can expect from that trip:
    Get some insights in our [highlight Reel](https://www.instagram.com/reel/Ci2PlV-jqhC)!

</Steps>

## Some final words 🚀

We're looking for people who are passionate about building software and solving problems. We're not looking for
perfect solutions, but rather, we want to see how you approach problems and how you think 😊

Even if you can't solve all the challenges completely, feel free to hand them in - we also evaluate good first approaches.

If you have any questions or need clarification on any points in the challenge, feel free to ask us. This is the
first version of our challenge, and we value your feedback and questions. Your input will help us improve the
challenge for future applicants and ensure that the process is even better in the future. We believe in constant
improvement and creating an inclusive and engaging experience for all participants. 🚀

If you have any questions or need assistance, feel free to start a new discussion
[here](https://github.com/SelectCode/apply/discussions). Also check out our [FAQ](/faq) for more information, we
will keep them updated with all the questions we get. 📧

Join us for an enriching experience that goes beyond just coding. We can't wait to meet you and see your skills in action! 🤩

Good luck, and have fun! 🤞
