docs/pages/challenges/micro/backend/fastapi.md, before:

# FastAPI Challenge

Welcome to the FastAPI Challenge! This challenge will test your ability to create a RESTful API using Python and
FastAPI. FastAPI is a modern, fast (high-performance), web framework for building APIs with Python based on standard
Python type hints.

Before you start, you should be familiar with Python and have a basic understanding of FastAPI. Here are some resources
to get you started:

- [Python Official Documentation](https://docs.python.org/3/)
- [FastAPI Official Documentation](https://fastapi.tiangolo.com/)

## Challenge Tasks:

1. **API for a ToDo application**

    - Your first task is to design and build a RESTful API for a simple ToDo application using FastAPI.
    - Your API should support the following operations:
        - `GET /tasks/`: Retrieve a list of all tasks.
        - `GET /tasks/{task_id}`: Retrieve the details of a specific task.
        - `POST /tasks/`: Create a new task. The details of the task should be sent as JSON in the body of the request.
        - `PUT /tasks/{task_id}`: Update the details of an existing task. The new details should be sent as JSON in the
          body of the request.
        - `DELETE /tasks/{task_id}`: Delete a task.
    - Each task should have at least the following properties:
        - `id`: An integer that serves as the unique identifier for the task.
        - `title`: A string that contains the title of the task.
        - `description`: A string that contains a more detailed description of the task.
        - `done`: A boolean that indicates whether the task has been completed.

2. **Input Validation**

    - Use FastAPI's built-in request validation to ensure that when creating or updating a task, the `title`
      and `description` are provided and are strings, and `done` is a boolean.
    - If validation fails, your API should return a `422 Unprocessable Entity` status code and a JSON response body that
      provides more information about the validation errors.

3. **Error Handling**

    - Implement error handling to ensure that when a client sends a request for a task that does not exist, your API
      responds with a `404 Not Found` status code and a JSON response body that includes a user-friendly error message.

4. **Testing**

    - Write tests for your API using FastAPI's `TestClient` to ensure it works as expected.

## Definition of Done

For completing this challenge, please ensure that you meet the following requirements:

- Your FastAPI application fulfills all functional requirements (including the described API endpoints, input 
  validation and error handling).
- Your application can be run using `docker-compose`.
- The included tests all pass successfully.
- A `README.md` file explains how to install any necessary dependencies, how to run your application, and how to run
  your tests.

Good luck - and have fun! 🚀

Commit message:

Add evaluation criteria to fullstack challenge

docs/pages/challenges/micro/backend/fastapi.md, after:

# FastAPI Challenge

Welcome to the FastAPI Challenge! This challenge will test your ability to create a RESTful API using Python and
FastAPI. FastAPI is a modern, fast (high-performance), web framework for building APIs with Python based on standard
Python type hints.

Before you start, you should be familiar with Python and have a basic understanding of FastAPI. Here are some resources
to get you started:

- [Python Official Documentation](https://docs.python.org/3/)
- [FastAPI Official Documentation](https://fastapi.tiangolo.com/)

## Challenge Tasks:

1. **API for a ToDo application**

    - Your first task is to design and build a RESTful API for a simple ToDo application using FastAPI.
    - Your API should support the following operations:
        - `GET /tasks/`: Retrieve a list of all tasks.
        - `GET /tasks/{task_id}`: Retrieve the details of a specific task.
        - `POST /tasks/`: Create a new task. The details of the task should be sent as JSON in the body of the request.
        - `PUT /tasks/{task_id}`: Update the details of an existing task. The new details should be sent as JSON in the
          body of the request.
        - `DELETE /tasks/{task_id}`: Delete a task.
    - Each task should have at least the following properties:
        - `id`: An integer that serves as the unique identifier for the task.
        - `title`: A string that contains the title of the task.
        - `description`: A string that contains a more detailed description of the task.
        - `done`: A boolean that indicates whether the task has been completed.

2. **Input Validation**

    - Use FastAPI's built-in request validation to ensure that when creating or updating a task, the `title`
      and `description` are provided and are strings, and `done` is a boolean.
    - If validation fails, your API should return a `422 Unprocessable Entity` status code and a JSON response body that
      provides more information about the validation errors.

3. **Error Handling**

    - Implement error handling to ensure that when a client sends a request for a task that does not exist, your API
      responds with a `404 Not Found` status code and a JSON response body that includes a user-friendly error message.

4. **Testing**

    - Write tests for your API using FastAPI's `TestClient` to ensure it works as expected.

## Definition of Done

For completing this challenge, please ensure that you meet the following requirements:

- Your FastAPI application fulfills all functional requirements (including the described API endpoints, input 
  validation and error handling).
- Your application can be run using `docker-compose`.
- The included tests all pass successfully.
- A `README.md` file explains how to install any necessary dependencies, how to run your application, and how to run
  your tests.

## Evaluation Criteria 🪄

We will evaluate your work based on the following:

- **Functional quality**: How well the functional requirements are fulfilled.
- **Code quality**: We're looking for clean, readable, and well-structured code.
- **Test quality**: We're looking for well-structured and meaningful tests - so that the relevant cases are covered.
- **Documentation quality**: We're looking for a well-structured `README.md` file that contains all necessary
  information as well as well-documented code.

Good luck - and have fun! 🚀
